# cs340


    How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
    
    Writing programs that are readable, maintainable, and adaptable is extremely important in software development. In order to do so, applications should be portable, well commented, and written following modern coding practices.  Readability is achieved through commenting and documentation, such as the readme file. Portability can be done by creating modules and calling the code through them. In this case, that occurs with the animalShelter.py file, which contains all of the CRUD commands. This file interacts with a MongoDB database called AAC. Any fixes that need to be made to the software can be safely done to the animalShelter.py program without massively affecting the rest of the software. In the future, additions can be made to the animalShelter.py file that would allow for more complicated actions to be performed (such as an aggregation pipeline). This software can also be used on any other MongoDB database with simple changes in naming. 
    
    How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
    
    The approach to developing this assignment was very different compared to everything else I have done in CS. It was the first assignment (other than the milestone) that I had utilized a front end framework (that being Dash), and the utilization of callbacks and layout sections was something that took me time to get my head around. Initially I was unsure how the tags related to the return values of functions, but after I figured it out development commenced a lot quicker. Integrating MongoDB into the code was much simpler in comparison. In the future, the code I created for animalShelter.py could be used to quickly call database queries, and the creation of databases could be automated with a csv file importer program that implements MongoDB's csv importer.
    
    What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

    Computer scientists help create, implement, and support in all aspects of software development. This type of work would be incredibly common in fullstack development environments. Database calls and front end web development work are both necessary for the creation of web applications. Companies rely on these web applications to halep drive business and to complete day to day operations. 
